Revised model documentation (#456)
tidymodels/parsnip: man/rmd/glmnet-details.Rmd

```{r, child = "setup.Rmd", include = FALSE}
```

# About the glmnet model

First, `glmnet` fits two types of penalties: the lasso (or L1) penalty and the ridge penalty (a.k.a L2 penalty a.k.a. weight decay). The `glmnet` argument `alpha` describes the proportion of the lasso penalty in the overall penalty. 

When `glmnet` fits the model, the intercept coefficient is not penalized. 

> When the `glmnet` model is trained, it estimates a continuum of possible penalty values. This gives a _coefficient path_ for each data set and a given value of `alpha`. The user doesn't need to declare the exact value of the penalty that should be used until sample prediction (i.e., it is not needed when the model is trained). If you specify a single value of `lamda` when calling [glmnet::glmnet()], the estimated coefficient path only has that value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `glmnet` model is trained, it estimates a continuum of possible penalty values. This gives a _coefficient path_ for each data set and a given value of `alpha`. The user doesn't need to declare the exact value of the penalty that should be used until sample prediction (i.e., it is not needed when the model is trained). If you specify a single value of `lambda` when calling [glmnet::glmnet()], the estimated coefficient path only has that value. 
```

> One aspect of the model is that there is a _coefficient path_ for each data set and a given value of `alpha`. When the `glmnet` model is trained, it estimates a continuum of possible penalty values. The user doesn't need to declare the exact value of the penalty that should be used until sample prediction (i.e., it is not needed when the model is trained). If you specify a single value of `lamda` when calling `glmnet()`, the estimated coefficient path only has that value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `glmnet` model is trained, it estimates a continuum of possible penalty values. This gives a _coefficient path_ for each data set and a given value of `alpha`. The user doesn't need to declare the exact value of the penalty that should be used until sample prediction (i.e., it is not needed when the model is trained). If you specify a single value of `lamda` when calling `glmnet()`, the estimated coefficient path only has that value. 
```

# Using glmnet with parsnip

In tidymodels, we want: 

1. The user to declare exactly what penalty value to use.

> 1. The ability to make predictions at multiple penalty with a single model object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The ability to make predictions at multiple penalty values with a single model object. 
```

Point 1 is relevant for a single `parsnip` model while Point 2 is more related to using the `tune` package. The second point greatly increases the computation efficiency of model tuning since you only need to fit a `glmnet` model for each value of alpha (see the [tidymodels book](https://www.tmwr.org/grid-search.html#submodel-trick) for a discussion).

To achieve both of these goals, `parsnip` does the following: 

* The model specification (e.g. `linear_reg()`) saves the value of the penalty that the user specifies.

* `parsnip` fits the `glmnet` model without passing the penalty value to the `lambda` argument. This makes the whole coefficient path available for prediction. 

> * When `predict()` is used on the `parsnip` model fit, the saved value of the penalty is used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When `predict()` is used on the `parsnip` model fit without specifying the `penalty` value, the saved value of the penalty is used. 
```

Reviewer: because you can use a different penalty value, as long as it's a single value

> * To make predictions at other values along the path, use the `multi_predict()` function. Multiple predictions can be made simultaneously at different penalty values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To make predictions at multiple values along the path, use the `multi_predict()` function. Multiple predictions can be made simultaneously at different penalty values. 
```

```{r model-spec, message = FALSE}
library(tidymodels)
data(Chicago, package = "modeldata")

glmnet_spec <- 
  linear_reg(penalty = 0.01, mixture = 1/2) %>% 
  set_engine("glmnet")
```

To see the function call: 

```{r translate}
translate(glmnet_spec)
```

Note that the `lambda` argument is not used. 

After training, multiple `lambda` penalty values are contained in the model object: 

```{r fit}
glmnet_fit <- 
  glmnet_spec %>% 
  fit(ridership ~ Austin + Quincy_Wells + Belmont, data = Chicago)

length(glmnet_fit$fit$lambda)
summary(glmnet_fit$fit$lambda)
```

When predictions are created with this object, the original value requested by the user is used (i.e. 0.01): 

```{r pred}
predict(glmnet_fit, head(Chicago))
```

That value is contained in

```{r spec-value}
glmnet_fit$spec$args$penalty
```

If tune is being used to find optimal values of the penalty, it uses the `parsnip::multi_predict()` function to get predictions over multiple penalty values: 

```{r}
multi_predict(glmnet_fit, head(Chicago), penalty = c(0, 0.1)) %>% 
  mutate(row = row_number()) %>% 
  unnest(cols = c(.pred))
```

> You can modify the penalties contained in the path by using the [glmnet::glmnet()] arguments `nlambda` and `lambda.min.ratio`. The latter is discussed more below. These arguments would be passed when `set_engine()` is called. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify the penalties contained in the path by using the [glmnet::glmnet()] arguments `nlambda` and `lambda.min.ratio`. The latter is discussed more below. These arguments can be specified in `set_engine()`. 
```

Author: I'll edit this and use the new path argument instead.
